module_sdram_reverb/doc/resources.rst, before:

Resource Requirements
=====================

Available Memory
----------------
This application uses variable amounts of memory depending on the size of the delay-line,
(used to produce the echos) and the number of channels being processed. 
In module_delay/src/delay_line.h, a #define MEM_SAMPS is used
to indicate the amount of memory available for the delay-line.
Currently this is set at 13000 samples, which uses almost all the available memory on Core_0
After loading application remaining memory(Bytes) is about:
Core0: 0x0750 
Core1: 0x8e80

Computation
-----------
module_biquad, and module_loudness, run in their own threads.
Therefore, refer to the documention in those modules for computation details on those functions.

The Reverb-Control thread is timing critical, 
The channel I/O had to be hand-crafted to get the application working on 4 channels.

The Reverb echos are produced using a 4 tap delay-line.
The reverb has configurable mixing parametere. 
There are currently 4, each one requires a multiply. That is 4 multiples/sample/channel.
For a 48 kHz sample rate, on a 500 MHz processor, the composite Reverb_control/Delay-line requires
1250 cycles/sample per channel.

Commit message:

Added metainfo for module_sdram_delay and module_sdram_reverb

module_sdram_reverb/doc/resources.rst, after:

Resource Requirements
=====================

Available Memory
----------------
This application stores the delayed samples in the SDRAM Memory-Slice,
it memory useage is  variable depending on the size of the maximum delay requested
(used to produce the echos), and the number of channels being processed. 
In module_sdram_delay/src/sdram_delay.h, a #define MEM_SAMPS is used
to indicate the amount of memory available for the delay-line.
Currently this is set at 2 Mega-samples, which is the size for a 8 MByte SDRAM Memory-slice
Used memory(Bytes) is about:
Core0: 29364
Core1: 30224

Computation
-----------
module_biquad, and module_loudness, run in their own threads.
Therefore, refer to the documention in those modules for computation details on those functions.

The Reverb-Control thread is timing critical, 
The channel I/O had to be hand-crafted to get the application working on 4 channels.
The Memory-Slice board has to be on the same core that is running dsp_sdram_reverb.xc

The Reverb echos are produced using a 4 tap delay-line.
The reverb has configurable mixing parameters.
There are currently 4, each one requires a multiply. That is 4 multiples/sample/channel.
For a 48 kHz sample rate, on a 500 MHz processor, the composite Reverb_control/Delay-line requires
1250 cycles/sample per channel.
