module_dsp_short_delay/doc/programming.rst, before:

Programming Guide
=================

Key Files
---------

   * ``delay_line.c``: Contains 'C' function library
   * ``delay_line.h``: Header file for 'C' function library

Usage
-----

There are 2 functions in the 'C' library, designed to be called from an xC file.
   * ``config_delay()`` Called to do initial configuration of delay parameters (e.g. delay offsets). WARNING: This must be called before ...
   * ``use_delay()`` Called to apply set of delays to one audio-sample, designed to be called from an xC file.

Note, after initialization, config_delay() can be called again as required to re-configure the delay offsets.

Delays are set in microseconds in the us_delays field of the DELAY_PARAM_S structure.

Demo Applications
=================

Before running this demo, it is suggested that you familiarise yourself with the 'BiQuad Application', 
which has a quickstart guide at app_slicekit_biquad/doc_quickstart/quickstart.rst.

Short-Delay Application For sliceKIT Board (``app_slicekit_short_delay``)
------------------------------------------

This application uses module_dsp_short_delay to create a set of delays (or echoes) for an audio-stream, 
passing through the sliceKIT Core board.
The audio is connected to the Audio Slice board using the following Analogue ports:
   * Input 0/1 (Microphone mini-jack)
   * Output 0/1 (Headphone mini-jack)

An itermediate signal is created mixing the input stream with the output of the delay-line,
which is set-up to produce 4 different echoes. 
This intermedate signal is used for the output, 
but also fed back into the delay-line, to create a potentially infinite set of echoes.
In fact the mixing is arranged so that the echoes decay exponentially in amplitude.

Makefile
........

The Makefile is found in the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_delay``)

The application is for the sliceKIT Core Board so the TARGET variable needs to be set in the Makefile: e.g

TARGET = SLICEKIT-L2.xn

The number of channels supported in currently 2 or 4, this is set in auto_conf.h: e.g.

NUM_DELAY_CHANS = 2

Running the application with the Command Line Tools
...................................................

In the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_delay``) type
   * xmake clean
   * xmake all

Connect the board to your PC using an xTAG-2

To start the demo type
   * xrun --io bin/app_slicekit_short_delay.xe

When listening to the output audio at 48kHz sample rate, you should hear the following ...
   * About 8 seconds of the effect (i.e. multiple echoes decaying in amplitude), followed by
   * About 8 seconds of the dry (un-effected) signal.

This cycle will repeat indefinitely.

Trouble-shooting
................

During initialization, and when the system is reconfigured, 
there may be audible clicks in the audio. This is expected.

Try Other Audio Applications
----------------------------

Some of the other audio applications are ``app_slicekit_biquad``, ``app_slicekit_loudness``, ``app_slicekit_short_reverb``.

* The biquad application uses a configurable BiQuad filter to achieve a number of different filter types,
  including low-pass, high-pass, band-pass, band-stop, and all-pass.
	See app_slicekit_biquad/doc_quickstart/quickstart.rst
* The loudness application uses gain-shaping to increase perceived loudness without increasing the maximum signal level.
	See module_dsp_loudness/doc/programming.rst
* The short reverb application is an example of a more complex application running 4 cores, 
  and combining the biquad, loudness and short-delay modules to create room-sizes up to about 36 meters (for a stereo channel at 48 kHz).
	See app_slicekit_short_reverb/doc_quickstart/quickstart.rst

Commit message:

Added xSOFTip documentation for new Loudness and Short-Delay applications

module_dsp_short_delay/doc/programming.rst, after:

Programming Guide
=================

Key Files
---------

   * ``delay_line.c``: Contains 'C' function library
   * ``delay_line.h``: Header file for 'C' function library

Usage
-----

There are 2 functions in the 'C' library, designed to be called from an xC file.
   * ``config_delay()`` Called to do initial configuration of delay parameters (e.g. delay offsets). WARNING: This must be called before ...
   * ``use_delay()`` Called to apply set of delays to one audio-sample, designed to be called from an xC file.

Note, after initialization, config_delay() can be called again as required to re-configure the delay offsets.

Delays are set in microseconds in the us_delays field of the DELAY_PARAM_S structure.

Demo Applications
=================

Before running this demo, it is suggested that you familiarise yourself with the 'BiQuad Application', 
which has a quickstart guide at app_slicekit_biquad/doc_quickstart/quickstart.rst.

Short-Delay Application For sliceKIT Board (``app_slicekit_short_delay``)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

This application uses module_dsp_short_delay to create a set of delays (or echoes) for an audio-stream, 
passing through the sliceKIT Core board.
The audio is connected to the Audio Slice board using the following Analogue ports:
   * Input 0/1 (Microphone mini-jack)
   * Output 0/1 (Headphone mini-jack)

An intermediate signal is created mixing the input stream with the output of the delay-line, which is set-up to produce 4 different echoes. This intermedate signal is used for the output, but also fed back into the delay-line, to create a potentially infinite set of echoes. In fact the mixing is arranged so that the echoes decay exponentially in amplitude.

Makefile
........

The Makefile is found in the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_delay``)

The application is for the sliceKIT Core Board so the TARGET variable needs to be set in the Makefile: e.g

TARGET = SLICEKIT-L2.xn

The number of channels supported in currently 2 or 4, this is set in auto_conf.h: e.g.

NUM_DELAY_CHANS = 2

Running the application with the Command Line Tools
...................................................

In the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_delay``) type
   * xmake clean
   * xmake all

Connect the board to your PC using an xTAG-2

To start the demo type
   * xrun --io bin/app_slicekit_short_delay.xe

When listening to the output audio at 48kHz sample rate, you should hear the following ...
   * About 8 seconds of the effect (i.e. multiple echoes decaying in amplitude), followed by
   * About 8 seconds of the dry (un-effected) signal.

This cycle will repeat indefinitely.

Trouble-shooting
................

During initialization, and when the system is reconfigured, 
there may be audible clicks in the audio. This is expected.

Try Other Audio Applications
----------------------------

Some of the other audio applications are ``app_slicekit_short_reverb`` and ``app_slicekit_long_delay``.

* The short reverb application is an example of a more complex application running 4 cores, 
  and combining the biquad, loudness and short-delay modules to create room-sizes up to about 36 meters (for a stereo channel at 48 kHz).
	See doc_quickstart/quickstart_reverb_short.rst
* The long delay application creates a set of long delays upto 24 seconds, by storing audio in the SDRAM Memory-Slice.
	See doc_quickstart/quickstart_long_delay.rst
