module_dsp_short_reverb/doc/programming.rst, before:

Programming Guide
=================

Key Files
---------

   * ``reverb.c``: Contains 'C' function library
   * ``reverb.h``: Header file for 'C' function library

Usage
-----

There are 2 functions in the 'C' library, designed to be called from an xC file.
   * ``config_reverb()`` Called to do initial configuration of reverb parameters (e.g. room size). WARNING: This must be called before ...
   * ``use_reverb()`` Called to apply reverb to a a set of audio-sample stereo pairs, designed to be called from an xC file.

Note, after initialization, ``config_reverb()`` can be called again as required to re-configure the reverb parameters.

The default reverb parameters are set in the dsp_control() function in file dsp_control.xc.
These can be overwritten before calling config_reverb.
Currently the room_size is scaled to suit the number of channels required. e.g 

def_param_s.room_size = (80 / NUM_REVERB_CHANS);

Note Well: The maximum room-size is limited by the amount of memory used for the delay-line.

Demo Applications
=================



Short-Reverb Application For sliceKIT Board
-------------------------------------------

To get started with this application, run through the instructions in the slicekit_biquad_filter_Quickstart_ quickstart guide.

This application uses ``module_dsp_short_reverb`` to create a reverb-like effect on an audio-stream, 
passing through the sliceKIT Core board.
The audio is connected to the Audio Slice board using the following Analogue ports:
   * Input 0/1 (Microphone mini-jack)
   * Output 0/1 (Headphone mini-jack)

The following parameters are configurable:

   * sample frequency
   * room size (in metres)
   * Frequency absorption (low-pass frequency cut-off)
   * Volume absorption ('bring-up' gain)

   * Level of Dry (Input)
   * Level of Reverb (Effect)
   * Amount of attenuation/decay of reverb tail
   * Amount of Cross-talk (mixing between left/right channels)


Makefile
........

The Makefile is found in the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_reverb``)

The application is for the sliceKIT Core Board so the TARGET variable needs to be set in the Makefile: e.g.

TARGET = SLICEKIT-L2.xn

The number of channels supported is currently 2 or 4, this is set in auto_conf.h  e.g.

NUM_REVERB_CHANS = 2

Running the application with the Command Line Tools
...................................................

In the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_reverb``) type

   * xmake clean
   * xmake all

Connect the board to your PC using an xTAG-2

To start the demo type
   * xrun --io bin/app_slicekit_short_reverb.xe

When listening to the output audio at 48kHz sample rate, you should hear the following ...
   * About 8 seconds of the reverb effect, followed by
   * About 8 seconds of the dry (un-effected) signal.

This cycle will repeat indefinitely.

Trouble-shooting
................

During initialization, and when the system is reconfigured, 
there may be audible clicks in the audio. This is expected.

Most recorded music already has reverb added. 
So the effects of the reverb application may not always be apparent.
Best to choose some dialogue or sparse percussive sound.


Long-Reverb Application For sliceKIT Board (``app_slicekit_long_reverb``)
------------------------------------------

See module_dsp_long_reverb/doc/programming.rst

Commit message:

Added xSOFTip documentation for new Loudness and Short-Delay applications

module_dsp_short_reverb/doc/programming.rst, after:

Programming Guide
=================

Key Files
---------

   * ``reverb.c``: Contains 'C' function library
   * ``reverb.h``: Header file for 'C' function library

Usage
-----

There are 2 functions in the 'C' library, designed to be called from an xC file.
   * ``config_reverb()`` Called to do initial configuration of reverb parameters (e.g. room size). WARNING: This must be called before ...
   * ``use_reverb()`` Called to apply reverb to a a set of audio-sample stereo pairs, designed to be called from an xC file.

Note, after initialization, ``config_reverb()`` can be called again as required to re-configure the reverb parameters.

The default reverb parameters are set in the dsp_control() function in file dsp_control.xc.
These can be overwritten before calling config_reverb.
Currently the room_size is scaled to suit the number of channels required. e.g 

def_param_s.room_size = (80 / NUM_REVERB_CHANS);

Note Well: The maximum room-size is limited by the amount of memory used for the delay-line.

Demo Applications
=================



Short-Reverb Application For sliceKIT Board
-------------------------------------------

To get started with this application, run through the instructions in the slicekit_biquad_filter_Quickstart_ quickstart guide.

This application uses ``module_dsp_short_reverb`` to create a reverb-like effect on an audio-stream, 
passing through the sliceKIT Core board.
The audio is connected to the Audio Slice board using the following Analogue ports:
   * Input 0/1 (Microphone mini-jack)
   * Output 0/1 (Headphone mini-jack)

The following parameters are configurable:

   * sample frequency
   * room size (in metres)
   * Frequency absorption (low-pass frequency cut-off)
   * Volume absorption ('bring-up' gain)

   * Level of Dry (Input)
   * Level of Reverb (Effect)
   * Amount of attenuation/decay of reverb tail
   * Amount of Cross-talk (mixing between left/right channels)


Makefile
........

The Makefile is found in the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_reverb``)

The application is for the sliceKIT Core Board so the TARGET variable needs to be set in the Makefile: e.g.

TARGET = SLICEKIT-L2.xn

The number of channels supported is currently 2 or 4, this is set in auto_conf.h  e.g.

NUM_REVERB_CHANS = 2

Running the application with the Command Line Tools
...................................................

In the top-level directory of the application (e.g. ``app_slicekit_short_reverb``) type

   * xmake clean
   * xmake all

Connect the board to your PC using an xTAG-2

To start the demo type
   * xrun --io bin/app_slicekit_short_reverb.xe

When listening to the output audio at 48kHz sample rate, you should hear the following ...
   * About 8 seconds of the reverb effect, followed by
   * About 8 seconds of the dry (un-effected) signal.

This cycle will repeat indefinitely.

Trouble-shooting
................

During initialization, and when the system is reconfigured, 
there may be audible clicks in the audio. This is expected.

Most recorded music already has reverb added. 
So the effects of the reverb application may not always be apparent.
Best to choose some dialogue or sparse percussive sound.

Try Other Audio Applications
----------------------------

Another audio application is ``app_slicekit_long_reverb``.

* The long reverb application is an example of a more complex application running 4 cores, 
  and combining the biquad, loudness and long-delay modules to create large room-sizes, e.g. 200 meters (for a stereo channel at 48 kHz).
	See doc_quickstart/quickstart_reverb_long.rst
