module_dsp_biquad/doc/programming.rst, before:

Programming Guide
=================

Key Files
---------
   * ``biquad_simple.c``: Contains 'C' function library
   * ``biquad_simple.h``: Header file for 'C' function library

Usage
-----
There are 2 functions in the 'C' library, designed to be called from an *.xc file.
   * ``config_biquad_filter()`` Called to do initial configuration of biquad parameters (e.g. Low-pass). WARNING: This must be called before ...
   * ``use_biquad_filter()``, which is called to apply the filter to one audio-sample, designed to be called from an *.xc file.

Note well: After initialisation, ``config_biquad_filter()`` can be called again as required to re-configure the filter.

To set the filter parameters, edit the following defines in the include file module_dsp_biquad/src/biquad_simple.h
   * DEF_FILT_MODE // Default Filter Mode
   * DEF_SAMP_FREQ // Default Sample Frequency
   * DEF_SIG_FREQ // Default Significant Filter Frequency (E.g. Low-pass cut-off)
   * DEF_QUAL_FACT // Default Quality-factor

Demo Applications
=================

BiQuad Application For SliceKit Board (app_slicekit_biquad)
-------------------------------------

This application uses module_dsp_biquad to apply a filter to an audio-stream passing through the SliceKit Core board.
The audio is connected to the board using the following Analogue ports:
   * Input 0/1 (Microphone mini-jack)
   * Output 0/1 (Headphone mini-jack)

Makefile
........
The Makefile is found in the top level directory of the application (e.g. app_slicekit_biquad)

The application is for the Slicekit Core Board so the TARGET variable needs to be set in the Makefile: e.g
TARGET = xp-skc-l2-single-xscope.xn

The number of channels supported in currently 2 or 4, this is set in the Makefile: e.g.
NUM_BIQUAD_CHANS = 2

Running the application with the Command Line Tools
...................................................
In the top level directory of the application (e.g. app_slicekit_biquad) type
   * xmake clean
   * xmake all

Connect the board to your PC using an XTAG-2

To start the demo type
   * xrun --io bin/app_slicekit_biquad.xe to start the demo

When listening to the output audio at 48kHz sample rate, you should hear the following ...
   * About 8 seconds of the effect (i.e. low-pass audio), followed by
   * About 8 seconds of the dry (un-effected) signal (i.e. quieter audio)

Each time the effect is chosen, the filter switches to a different mode.
Currently the following 6 modes are supported:
   * LO_PASS,			// Low Pass Filter
   * HI_PASS,			// High Pass Filter
   * BAND_PASS,		// Band Pass Filter
   * BAND_STOP,		// Band Stop (Notch) Filter
   * ALL_PASS,			// Phase-Shift Filter
   * CUSTOM,				// Custom Filter

This cycle will repeat indefinitely.

Trouble-shooting
................
During initialisation, and when the system is reconfigured, 
there may be audible clicks in the audio. This is expected.

The filter may produce output audio that is louder than the input,
especially when high value for Quality_Factor are selected.
This in turn may produce audible distortion in the output audio.
If this occurs, try one of the following:
   * Turning down the volume of the audio source (i.e. the volume level input to the application), 
   * Reduce the value of DEF_QUAL_FACT

app_slicekit_reverb Demo
-------------------------

See app_slicekit_reverb/doc/programming.rst

Commit message:

Completed auto-docs for Short-Reverb module

module_dsp_biquad/doc/programming.rst, after:


# This variable should contain a space separated list of all
# the directories containing buildable applications (usually
# prefixed with the app_ prefix)
#
# If the variable is set to "all" then all directories that start with app_
# are built.
BUILD_SUBDIRS = app_slicekit_biquad app_slicekit_delay app_slicekit_loudness app_slicekit_reverb 

XMOS_MAKE_PATH ?= ..
include $(XMOS_MAKE_PATH)/xcommon/module_xcommon/build/Makefile.toplevel

# This variable should contain a space separated list of all
# the directories containing buildable applications (usually
# prefixed with the app_ prefix)
#
# If the variable is set to "all" then all directories that start with app_
# are built.
BUILD_SUBDIRS = app_slicekit_biquad app_slicekit_delay app_slicekit_loudness app_slicekit_reverb 

XMOS_MAKE_PATH ?= ..
include $(XMOS_MAKE_PATH)/xcommon/module_xcommon/build/Makefile.toplevel
Programming Guide
=================

Key Files
---------
   * ``biquad_simple.c``: Contains 'C' function library
   * ``biquad_simple.h``: Header file for 'C' function library

Usage
-----
There are 2 functions in the 'C' library, designed to be called from an *.xc file.
   * ``config_biquad_filter()`` Called to do initial configuration of biquad parameters (e.g. Low-pass). WARNING: This must be called before ...
   * ``use_biquad_filter()``, which is called to apply the filter to one audio-sample, designed to be called from an *.xc file.

Note well: After initialisation, ``config_biquad_filter()`` can be called again as required to re-configure the filter.

To set the filter parameters, edit the following defines in the include file module_dsp_biquad/src/biquad_simple.h
   * DEF_FILT_MODE // Default Filter Mode
   * DEF_SAMP_FREQ // Default Sample Frequency
   * DEF_SIG_FREQ // Default Significant Filter Frequency (E.g. Low-pass cut-off)
   * DEF_QUAL_FACT // Default Quality-factor

Demo Applications
=================

BiQuad Application For SliceKit Board (app_slicekit_biquad)
-------------------------------------

This application uses module_dsp_biquad to apply a filter to an audio-stream passing through the SliceKit Core board.
The audio is connected to the board using the following Analogue ports:
   * Input 0/1 (Microphone mini-jack)
   * Output 0/1 (Headphone mini-jack)

Makefile
........
The Makefile is found in the top level directory of the application (e.g. app_slicekit_biquad)

The application is for the Slicekit Core Board so the TARGET variable needs to be set in the Makefile: e.g
TARGET = xp-skc-l2-single-xscope.xn

The number of channels supported in currently 2 or 4, this is set in auto_conf.h: e.g.
NUM_BIQUAD_CHANS = 2

Running the application with the Command Line Tools
...................................................
In the top level directory of the application (e.g. app_slicekit_biquad) type
   * xmake clean
   * xmake all

Connect the board to your PC using an XTAG-2

To start the demo type
   * xrun --io bin/app_slicekit_biquad.xe to start the demo

When listening to the output audio at 48kHz sample rate, you should hear the following ...
   * About 8 seconds of the effect (i.e. low-pass audio), followed by
   * About 8 seconds of the dry (un-effected) signal (i.e. quieter audio)

Each time the effect is chosen, the filter switches to a different mode.
Currently the following 6 modes are supported:
   * LO_PASS,			// Low Pass Filter
   * HI_PASS,			// High Pass Filter
   * BAND_PASS,		// Band Pass Filter
   * BAND_STOP,		// Band Stop (Notch) Filter
   * ALL_PASS,			// Phase-Shift Filter
   * CUSTOM,				// Custom Filter

This cycle will repeat indefinitely.

Trouble-shooting
................
During initialisation, and when the system is reconfigured, 
there may be audible clicks in the audio. This is expected.

The filter may produce output audio that is louder than the input,
especially when high value for Quality_Factor are selected.
This in turn may produce audible distortion in the output audio.
If this occurs, try one of the following:
   * Turning down the volume of the audio source (i.e. the volume level input to the application), 
   * Reduce the value of DEF_QUAL_FACT

app_slicekit_reverb Demo
-------------------------

See app_slicekit_reverb/doc/programming.rst
